Meetings:
04/10/2021 - Group meeting during the lab - Team activity:
Each member of the group choose their favourite application
and discribed what are the best characteristics of that app
that made them love it, we compared all the apps and characteristics
and came up with the conclusion that the majority of this caracteristics
were shared by all the applications that we choose. We decided that the
most important caracteristics for our project would be:
- Simple
- Intuitive
- Free
- Fast
- User focused
- Uptodated
We opened that SDG webpage and read all of the goals and 
selected which ones were more appealing to us, and which ones
were more in need, and then everyone started thinking about 
how we could make something that would help on these
goals and saying out loud any idea that would came up to our mind.
We then had a list of various ideas. We made sure that each idea
was being transmited clearly to everyone in the group. The list of ideas:
- Homeless
- Single plasctic
- Refugee
- Company Equality
- Company Sustainability
- Teacher Quality Education

04/10/2021 - Meeting with tutor - We cut out the majority of 
ideas we had after reflecting on many factors such as viability,
necessity, urgency etc the final projects were: Homeless and
Sustainability (this one was a mix of 2 other ideas).
We started thinking about what problem do this project solve,
who are our target audience, whats important to them, what are
their needs, whats our solution, what are the key feauters of our
solution, whats the functionality for the user, is our project
unique? Is it being done already? Is it urgent? Relevant? Important?
We also started working on our Mission Model Canvas. And 
decided to sketch some ideas for the next meeting, to visualize
both of our ideas. We also discussed about what tools we will
be using to keep track and manage our work throught out the 
development of the project. We decided to use: whatsapp as
a quick method of communication, discord, as a easy tool for
online group meetings, trello, as a white board to manage 
everyone's tasks and progress, github so save the project and
allow everyone to work on it in different branches, and finally
google drive, to save documents and powerpoints and work on them
at the same time.

11/10/2021 - Meeting during the lab - In this meeting we finally decided
what project we would be working on and the winner was the Homeless 
Project. During this meeting we started by thinking about all the
potential target users of this webapp.
We created an EMPATHY MAP for our project. We created a list of
functionalities and created a user storie for each one of them.
Finally we finished our sketches for this Project.

11/10/2021 - We presented our final idea for the project to 
our tutor and requested feedback. We also started preperaring for
the project pitch deliverable.
Key questions for the day:
What kind of web app will we create?
What key features will it have?
What functionalities it will provide?
Who will use this app and why?
Who are your end-users-ShareEmpathy or Customer Journey Maps?

18/10/2021
















